New deal with asgard, the tesseract to be used in stark weapons.
Jarvis, an air to air missile buys a finder in north Korea. Deal worth 1.2 billion dollars.
Iron man’s suits go up for auction, after miss potts refuses to keep it at home. Loki rumored to be the highest bidder.
Trump decides to go for world domination, and decides to expand his nuclear arsenal, talks initiated with stark industries.
Stark industries decide to employee 51 percent women in the next calendar year. Move is welcomed by the media.
Tony stark announces Akshay Kumar as his companies face in india. Akshay fans welcome the move.
Syrian militants using advanced stark weaponry, tony stark under fire.
Confidential report reveals osama bin laden would not have died if stark industries had supplied weapons on time.
Miss potts seen getting cosy with Loki in Hawaii, Deal with asgard is strained.
Reports reveal that stark industries are using child labour in there Beijing factory. Investors decide to pull out.
Tony starks drunk video goes viral. His leadership is being questioned.
New York legalizes weed. Spideys organic farm forecasted to be the front running seller.
Snoop dogg raps “the hoods push, for spideys kush”. The song receives an overwhelmingly positive response and becomes number one on billboard.
Spideys organic farm declared as the most sustainable company, makes it to the front page of times magazine. Huge interest in investing presently.
Spideys organic farm receives 300 million investment from stark industries. “uncle company”
Mia khalifa become the face of spideys organic farm. Move kills two birds with one stone. Huge uturn in profits.
Spideys organic farm decides to expand and diversify business. Appoints Walter  white as the COO.
Aunt may hospitalized and doctors say high amount of THC was found in the blood. Peter parker is under full media attention.
Doctor octopus goes high on spideys weed, destroys New York city again. 
Huge famine sweeps across Madhya Pradesh. Huge losses forecasted.
Fire in Arkansas destroys spideys production unit. The entire neighbourhood goes high. Loss of 10 million dollars in damages.
Ozzy Osbourn makes a ridiculous claim that he is peter parkers gentical father. Demands a split in the company.
under Narender modi begins funding the construction of railways, the project is sure to double the profits of the bank in the years to come.
bank signs PRIYA VARRIER as their brand ambassador resulting in massive new clients form her fan base.
bank regional head gets caught in compromising position with his secretary resulting in massive  uproar in the media.
Modi appointed as the new chairman of the company after Rahul gandhi is caught taking a bribe from a contractor.
Tkj merges with the iron bank and funds cerseis fight against the targereyans. Huge spoils expected.
bank hires Rahul Gandhi as its chairman, this move causes investors to loose faith in the Company's judgement.
farmers face massive losses as government discovers that loans to Spideys organic farms have been used to grow Marijuana in india.
Board room confusion results in chairman getting sacked.
Nirav modi took loan 300 million from tkj bank and escapes. Joker decides to put a smile on his face.
Joker discloses sensitive information related to all his customers. Stocks see a huge plumit.
Hulks launches new protein powder with goo mutra to counter Patanjali in india. Huge favorable swing in the market. Ramdev seen agin on dharna.
The incredible bulk becomes the first foreign gym to open a chain in north Korea. The move is welcomed by the people.
Chris evans claims that the incredible bulk is the reason behind his flawless physice. Investors flock.
 Ananth ambani joins the incredible bulk and reduces 100 pounds. Decides to invest 100 million into the company.
The incredible Bulk announces free sessions for the next 10 days as a part of their promo. Huge interest created.
In a shocking turn of events tanmay bhat becomes the first Indian to win mr world after training in the incredible bulk. 
Tanmay bhat appointed as the new ambassador of the incredible bulk. Investors questioning the decision making of the ceo.
Bruce banner seen taking and encouraging people to take steroids. Huge media frenzy ensues.
The queen gets a stomach infection after consuming the incredible bulk product. Johnny English sent to investigate. People skeptical to use the products.
Huge spikes in radiation detected after bruce banner was seen leaving the gym in New York. 50 people fall sick.
Bruce Wayne strikes a deal with Tchaka mines for cheat import of vibranium. Stock prices expected to go up.
Wayne enterprises buy Facebook for a record 30 billion dollars. Move see by investors as great business.
TKJ bank decides to sanction 150 million loan to Wayne enterprises for their new chemical plant in India. 
Wayne enterprises wins race to build first phase of hyperloop travel in india.
Wayne enterprises launch their flagship phone at the world expo in Delhi. Product gathers wide spread support and approval.
Harvey specter manages to win a long drawn legal battle with google (copyright infringement) on behalf of wayne enterprises. Company receives large remuneration.
Nirav modi spotted hiding out in Bruce Wayne’s basement. Huge media frenzy ensues. Arnab goswami at the head of it.
Board room frenzy causes confusion. Calls made for CEO to be replaced.
Bruce Wayne’s house raided after demonetization. Stacks of cash and bags of diamond confiscated.
Huge tsunami in Japan destroys Wayne enterprises factories. Losses of 200 million forecasted.
Bruce Wayne decides to invest in Pakistan space agency . The move proves disastrous as the rocket blasts soon after take off. Stock prices plummet.
Bruce Wayne caught doing drugs in Mumbai. Caught by cops.
Ghadkari announces TOLL FREE road transport for all private goods carriers!
Tie up with General Electric Motors to produce electric vehicles cutting the transport cost!
Datson quits automobile industry leaving a huge market open for others!
Saudi Prince signs a deal to use Flash transport corp for all DRUG related trade activities.
Al Queda to buy all the old vehicles, to be used in human trafficking.
Sino-Pak  economic corridor closes entry to all private plyers.
Bumblebee attacks and destroys Cliff Jumper owned by Flash transport causing company a huge loss.
Fuel prices skyrocketed due to oil spills by Syria.
Saudi prince dies of drug OD!
Amit shah says no Z level security forcing Flash transport corp to lose it's government contract.
Space travel gets cheaper due to funding by the KKK. 
spacex breaks sales record with launch of 108 satellites!
The company uncovers a new technology that can create wormholes between any two locations in the universe, reducing travel time to almost nothing.
The development of new engines systems increases fuel efficiency by 70%.
Xavier’s science centre directs all France based assets to Rocket Space org.
NASA gives 50 billion dollars to boost the shares by 500%.
Space org faces extreme competition by Patanjali natural space products.
SP-INC forces Spacex  to merge with Haiti space tourism 
Trump adds Haitian people to the list of 30 countries who cant enter a spaceship..
The move to portray Huccha venkat as the face of spacex in India backfires.